In this video we're going to install X amp on Windows first in a browser.
We'll go to the exact website.
Click on the download link and will choose the exact four windows package that contains the version
of P H P that we want.
I am going to choose the latest version of P HP which is the last one here and click on the download
button will save the installation file.
And once that file has been saved will run it.
And then we're in the exact set up wizard.
You might get a User Account Control warning like this.
That's okay we'll start by clicking next and these other components that were going to install Now we
don't need the F T P server the mail server.
I'll Tomcats Perl webalizer are fake send mail.
We just need page be my admin.
P It p my Eskew L and Apache sobell ONE check the things we don't need quick.
Next we'll accept the suggested folder for the installation of X amp will uncheck this box because we
don't want to know more.
Right at the moment click next and now we're ready to begin installing X amp on your computer.
When we click Next the installation process will begin.
This might take some time depending on your computer.
During the installation process you might get a windows firewall warning.
And what we need to do here is check the private networks box and uncheck the public networks box and
click allow access.
And then the installation has completed so well quick finish.
Select our desired language and here we have the X amp control panel.
Before we start the web server First we need to configure a folder where we going to be working.
This is where we're going to put our p HP code.
This can be any folder you like.
I've created a folder called w w w in the documents folder but you can create a folder wherever you
want what you need to do when you have this folder is copy the address of this folder.
Then we'll go back to the exact control panel and click on the config button which is next to Apache
here and click on the first line.
Apache H T T P deed outcome.
This is the main Apache configuration file in this file.
You need to scroll all the way down to this line that says document route and change the value here
to the path of the folder.
You just chose the same with the following line that says directory
will save that file.
And now we can start the Apache Web server and the my Eskew elf database server.
When you start my esky Well you might get another Windows Firewall warning.
Again will check the private networks bucks and then check the public networks bucks and click allow
access.
So now we have X amp installed ready to start learning p s p.